Clarify the effects of path separator (#49)
editorconfig/specification: index.rst

     - any integer numbers between ``num1`` and ``num2``, where ``num1`` and ``num2``
       can be either positive or negative

> If there is a path separator (``/``) at in the glob, then the glob is relative

Reviewer: Suggestions:
```suggestion
If the glob contains a path separator (a ``/`` not inside square brackets), then the glob is relative
```

to the directory level of the particular `.editorconfig` file itself.
Otherwise the pattern may also match at any level below the `.editorconfig`
level. For example, ``*.c`` matches any file that ends with ``.c`` in the
directory of ``.editorconfig``, but ``subdir/*.c`` only matches files that end
with ``.c`` in the ``subdir`` directory in the directory of ``.editorconfig``.

> 

Reviewer: @xuhdev You mentioned

> we have been unclear with slashes at the end

That is mentioned in https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/issues/493 .  Would you be willing to fix that as part of this PR as well?  https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig/issues/493#issue-1977582345 has some proposed text.  (If you would rather it be in a separate PR, that's fine.)

Author: (Let's do it in a separate PR)
